docs/doc_quick_fuzz.md, before:

# quick_fuzz

A fuzzer for Quick Share on Windows: Each fuzzing iteration sends a sequence of OfflineFrames, simulating a complete transfer session.

## Build
Run:
```cmd
bazel build //quick_fuzz:fuzzing_harness
bazel build //quick_fuzz:quick_share_fuzzing_patches
```
The DLLs will be created in `./bazel-bin/quick_fuzz`

## Requirement
As far as we tried, DynamoRIO does not support recent Windows versions. We have tested and successfully ran this fuzzer on the following Windows versions:
  * Windows 10 20h2
  * Windows 10 22h2

Once you install one of them, make sure you disable updates. 

## Usage

* `fuzzing_harness.dll` should be used as an argument for afl-fuzz.exe
* `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll` should be injected into the Quick Share app that is being fuzzed. Inside the vulnerable version of the Quick Share app that we uploaded to this repo, you'll find a file called `nearby_sharing_dart_fuzzer_patches.dll` in addition to `nearby_sharing_dart.dll`. The `nearby_sharing_dart_fuzzer_patches.dll` file is a modified version of `nearby_sharing_dart.dll` that is dependent on `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll`. Therefore, once you compiled `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll` you can do these two simple actions in order to have the Quick Share app running with an injected `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll`:
  * Copy `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll` into the root folder of the vulnerable Quick Share app
  * Rename `nearby_sharing_dart_fuzzer_patches.dll` to `nearby_sharing_dart.dll` 

In addition to these DLLs, you'll need to have WinAFL as the fuzzing framework. We needed to perform a small patch in WinAFL's code in order for it to work with our harness and libprotobuf-mutator. You can either run the [`clone_and_patch_winafl.bat`](/quick_fuzz/winafl_clone_and_patch/clone_and_patch_winafl.bat) script that we created and then follow WinAFL's instructions for compilation yourself. Or you can use the precompiled version of WinAFL that we uploaded to this repo at [precompiled_patched_winafl.zip](/quick_fuzz/precompiled_patched_winafl.zip). Note that you'll have to download DynamoRIO version 10.92.19896, since `afl-fuzz.exe` needs it in order to run. You can download it from [here](https://github.com/DynamoRIO/dynamorio/releases/download/cronbuild-10.92.19896/DynamoRIO-Windows-10.92.19896.zip)

### Usage of afl-fuzz with our harness:
You should refer to WinAFL's documentation in order to fully understand `afl-fuzz.exe`'s parameters

```cmd
.\afl-fuzz.exe -i <CORPUS_FOLDER> -o <OUTPUT_FOLDER> -l <PATH_TO_fuzzing_harness.dll> -D <PATH_TO_DYNAMORIO_BIN64> -t 100000 -- -persistence_mode in_app -coverage_module nearby_sharing_dart.dll -target_module nearby_sharing_dart.dll -target_offset <target_function_offset> -- <PATH_TO_NEARBYSHARE.EXE>
```

The target function for this fuzzer is called `BasePcpHandler::OnIncomingConnection`. In the vulnerable version of the Quick Share app that we uploaded to this repo, this function's address is `0x4DA800`

### Example usage
```cmd
.\afl-fuzz.exe -i .\corpus -o .\output -l .\fuzzing_harness.dll -D .\DynamoRIO-Windows-10.92.19896\bin64 -t 100000 -- -persistence_mode in_app -coverage_module nearby_sharing_dart.dll -target_module nearby_sharing_dart.dll -target_offset 0x4DA800 -- .\VulnerableQuickShare\nearby_share.exe
```

Commit message:

Fixed a bug in pack&parse and updated the docs

docs/doc_quick_fuzz.md, after:

# quick_fuzz

A fuzzer for Quick Share on Windows: Each fuzzing iteration sends a sequence of OfflineFrames, simulating a complete transfer session.

## Build
Run:
```cmd
bazel build //quick_fuzz:fuzzing_harness
bazel build //quick_fuzz:quick_share_fuzzing_patches
```
The DLLs will be created in `./bazel-bin/quick_fuzz`

## Requirement
As far as we tried, DynamoRIO does not support recent Windows versions. We have tested and successfully ran this fuzzer on the following Windows versions:
  * Windows 10 20h2
  * Windows 10 22h2

Once you install one of them, make sure you disable updates. 

## Usage

* `fuzzing_harness.dll` should be used as an argument for afl-fuzz.exe
* `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll` should be injected into the Quick Share app that is being fuzzed. Inside the vulnerable version of the Quick Share app that we uploaded to this repo, you'll find a file called `nearby_sharing_dart_fuzzer_patches.dll` in addition to `nearby_sharing_dart.dll`. The `nearby_sharing_dart_fuzzer_patches.dll` file is a modified version of `nearby_sharing_dart.dll` that is dependent on `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll`. Therefore, once you compiled `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll` you can do these two simple actions in order to have the Quick Share app running with an injected `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll`:
  * Copy `quick_share_fuzzing_patches.dll` into the root folder of the vulnerable Quick Share app
  * Rename `nearby_sharing_dart_fuzzer_patches.dll` to `nearby_sharing_dart.dll` 

In addition to these DLLs, you'll need to have WinAFL as the fuzzing framework. We needed to perform a small patch in WinAFL's code in order for it to work with our harness and libprotobuf-mutator. You can either run the [`clone_and_patch_winafl.bat`](/quick_fuzz/winafl_clone_and_patch/clone_and_patch_winafl.bat) script that we created and then follow WinAFL's instructions for compilation yourself. Or you can use the precompiled version of WinAFL that we uploaded to this repo at [precompiled_patched_winafl.zip](/quick_fuzz/precompiled_patched_winafl.zip). Note that you'll have to download DynamoRIO version 10.92.19896, since `afl-fuzz.exe` needs it in order to run. You can download it from [here](https://github.com/DynamoRIO/dynamorio/releases/download/cronbuild-10.92.19896/DynamoRIO-Windows-10.92.19896.zip)

### Corpus (Input Files):
The input files are files in our custom binary format. Each file contains a sequence of packets (OfflineFrames) that should be sent in a fuzzing iteration. The fuzzing harness behaves as if the first packets in the sequence are:
1. Connection Request
2. Connection Response
3. Paired Key Encryption
4. Paired Key Result
5. Introduction
6. Introduction Done

And then sends the rest of the packets (Usually Payload Transfer OfflineFrames with the content of the file to be sent)

Corpus files can be created using the [**quick_sniff**](/docs/doc_quick_sniff.md) fuzzer (Would be best if you make sure that are no redundant packets up to the Introduction packet). To better understand the format of the corpus files, read the docs about [**pack_packet_flows & parse_packet_flows**](/docs/doc_pack_parse_packet_flows.md)

### Usage of afl-fuzz with our harness:
You should refer to WinAFL's documentation in order to fully understand `afl-fuzz.exe`'s parameters

```cmd
.\afl-fuzz.exe -i <CORPUS_FOLDER> -o <OUTPUT_FOLDER> -l <PATH_TO_fuzzing_harness.dll> -D <PATH_TO_DYNAMORIO_BIN64> -t 100000 -- -persistence_mode in_app -coverage_module nearby_sharing_dart.dll -target_module nearby_sharing_dart.dll -target_offset <target_function_offset> -- <PATH_TO_NEARBYSHARE.EXE>
```

The target function for this fuzzer is called `BasePcpHandler::OnIncomingConnection`. In the vulnerable version of the Quick Share app that we uploaded to this repo, this function's address is `0x4DA800`

### Example usage
```cmd
.\afl-fuzz.exe -i .\corpus -o .\output -l .\fuzzing_harness.dll -D .\DynamoRIO-Windows-10.92.19896\bin64 -t 100000 -- -persistence_mode in_app -coverage_module nearby_sharing_dart.dll -target_module nearby_sharing_dart.dll -target_offset 0x4DA800 -- .\VulnerableQuickShare\nearby_share.exe
```
